chore: Janitorial work in foundation (#1086)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/orthogonal-factorization-systems/lifting-structures-on-squares.lagda.md

         i
```

commutes. We refer to a square equipped with a lifting structure as a
{{#concept "lifting square"}}. Observe that there is a canonical map

```text
  pullback-hom f g : (B → X) → hom-arrow f g.
```

Therefore we see that a lifting square consists of a
[morphism of arrows](foundation.morphisms-arrows.md) `α : hom-arrow f g` from
`f` to `g`, a map `j : B → X`, and a
[homotopy of morphisms of arrows](foundation.homotopies-morphisms-arrows.md)
`pullback-hom f g j ~ α`.

> **Note.** In the literature, a lifting structure on a square is more commonly

Author: ```suggestion
**Terminology.** In the literature, a lifting structure on a square is commonly
```
